0.15 migration: Fix up guide for 16163 (#1899)
bevyengine/bevy-website: release-content/0.15/migration-guides/16163_Dont_reëxport_bevy_image_from_bevy_render.md

Various types and traits are no longer re-exported from `bevy_image` in `bevy::render::texture`. Import them directly from `bevy::image` instead.

```rust
// 0.14
use bevy::render::texture::BevyDefault;
// 0.15
use bevy::image::BevyDefault;
```

> This is an incomprehensive list of other types may be affected for searchability: `CompressedImageFormats`, `ExrTextureLoader`, `HdrTextureLoader`, `Image`, `ImageAddressMode`, `ImageFilterMode`, `ImageLoader`, `ImageLoaderSettings`, `ImageSampler`, `ImageSamplerDescriptor`, `ImageType`, `TextureError`, `TextureFormatPixelInfo`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For searchability, this is a non-comprehensive list of other types may be affected: `CompressedImageFormats`, `ExrTextureLoader`, `HdrTextureLoader`, `Image`, `ImageAddressMode`, `ImageFilterMode`, `ImageLoader`, `ImageLoaderSettings`, `ImageSampler`, `ImageSamplerDescriptor`, `ImageType`, `TextureError`, `TextureFormatPixelInfo`.
```
